#Conclusions
In this study we have shown that matched filter earthquake detection can be extremely effective in expanding an earthquake catalog at Rotokawa and Ngatamariki geothermal areas. Despite the high level of anthropogenic noise associated with geothermal electricity generation, the technique was able to expand the catalog by a factor of roughly 30. This expansion allows for much better resolution of reservoir changes with time as events can be used to track fluid, and therefore pressure and temperature, within the reservoir. Such a large catalog also allows for much larger sample sizes of magnitudes and focal mechanisms when considering stress changes within the geothermal resource. Locations for the catalog of >21,000 events show minimal change from previously reported seismicity by GNS \cite{Sherburn_2015}, \cite{Sherburn&Bourguignon_2015} over the last one-to-two years with the possible exception of an ability to distinguish two separate clusters in the north of Ngatamariki where there was previously thought to be one. The events located within the geothermal fields themselves do not appear to have a spatio-temporal relationship, however the locations presented here leave room for improvement in the immediate future. The catalog created for this paper still holds valuable information on matched filter detection rates and earthquake locations which will be explored further in subsequent works. Future work will also concentrate on calculation of earthquake magnitudes and focal mechanisms as well as incorporating automatically picked S-phases for improved event location.