# Results and discussion
##Matched Filter detections
Using all 637 template events, we were able to detect over 20,000 additional events from 1 January to 20 November, 2015. A large majority of these (>12,000) are located in Rotokawa while slightly less than 4000 events are located in Ngatamariki. These numbers conform to the 3:1 Rotokawa-Ngatamariki seismicity ratio mentioned earlier (e.g. \cite{Sherburn&Bourguignon_2015}, \cite{Sherburn&Johnson}). Detections have been clustered into three basic groups: Rotokawa, northern and southern Ngatamariki, based upon historic seismicity. The cumulative detections for each of these groups is plotted with time for the study period along with well pumping rates for pertinent injection wells. 

At Rotokawa initial inspection seems to show no obvious correlation between rates of injection and rates of matched filter detections \ref{Figure3}. Instead, the cumulative rate of detection for all Rotokawa template events is roughly constant throughout 2015 with small, abrupt increases in detection rate which do not appear correlated with large changes in rate of injection. Notably, the annual plant maintenance shutdown in July, during which all injection is halted, did not produce an increase in the rate of seismicity as has been observed in the past (Sewell, personal communication).

In Northern Ngatamariki, the same observations hold true \ref{Figure4}. The cumulative detection rate remains roughly constant throughout the year, with no obvious increase during plant shutdown and restart. In southern Ngatamariki, however, we do see an obvious increase in cumulative detection rate at the time of plant shutdown \ref{Figure5}. Notably, however, short, 1-2 day increases in cummulative detection rate similar to the increase associated with plant shutdown are also present during parts of the year during which there are no notable, large-scale changes in injection rate across the field.
