# Results and discussion
##Matched Filter detections
Using all 637 template events, we were able to detect over 20,000 additional events from 1 January to 20 November, 2015. A large majority of these (>12,000) are located in Rotokawa while slightly less than 4000 events are located in Ngatamariki. These numbers conform to the 3:1 Rotokawa-Ngatamariki seismicity ratio mentioned earlier (e.g. \cite{Sherburn&Bourguignon_2015}, \cite{Sherburn&Johnson}). Detections have been clustered into three basic groups: Rotokawa, northern and southern Ngatamariki, based upon historic seismicity. The cumulative detections for each of these groups is plotted with time for the study period along with well pumping rates for pertinent injection wells. 

At Rotokawa initial inspection seems to show no obvious correlation between rates of injection and rates of matched filter detections \ref{Figure3}. Instead, the cumulative rate of detection for all Rotokawa template events is roughly constant throughout 2015 with small, abrupt increases in detection rate which do not appear correlated with large changes in rate of injection. Notably, the annual plant maintenance shutdown in July, during which all injection is halted, did not produce an increase in the rate of seismicity as has been observed in the past (Sewell, personal communication).

In Northern Ngatamariki, the same observations hold true \ref{Figure4}. The cumulative detection rate remains roughly constant throughout the year, with no obvious increase during plant shutdown and restart. In southern Ngatamariki, however, we do see an obvious increase in cumulative detection rate at the time of plant shutdown \ref{Figure5}. Notably, however, short, 1-2 day increases in cummulative detection rate similar to the increase associated with plant shutdown are also present during parts of the year during which there are no notable, large-scale changes in injection rate across the field.

## NonLinLoc Locations
A total of 21,100 detections, after cross correlation of their waveforms with the detecting template, had 6 or more picks with a correlation coefficient of 0.30 or greater. These detections were located with the location program NonLinLoc \cite{Lomax_2014} and are shown in \ref{Figure2} represented as a heatmap showing event density. The maximum density of events is 829 events/km<sup>2</sup>, located in the eastern portion of the Rotokawa field, as has historically been observed \cite{Sherburn_2015}. Events in Ngatamariki are located in two distinct clusters, North and South, again, similar to locations which have previously been reported \cite{Sherburn&Bourguignon_2013} \cite{Sherburn&Bourguignon_2014}.

## HypoDD relocations
Figures \ref{Figure6} and \ref{Figure7} show HypoDD relocations for Ngatamariki and Rotokawa, respectively, as well as their occurence in time thoughout 2015. In general, the locations paint the same picture as has been reported for the last few years \cite{Sherburn_2015} \cite{Sherburn&Bourguignon_2015} with clustering of events within both reservoirs at depths between 1.5 and 3 km. The Rotokawa cluster, as compared to the NonLinLoc locations, remains much the same, albeit colapsed slightly. There appears to be no time dependence of the event locations within the Rotokawa field but, taken as a whole, the cluster is located slightly further to the North and East as compared to the locations presented for 2008-2012 in \cite{Sherburn_2015} (polygon in \ref{Figure7}. At Ngatamariki, the southern cluster of events collapses and moves South, closer to the injection wells NM6 and NM10 as compared to the NonLinLoc locations, while the northern cluster of events actually splits again into eastern and western subclusters, however this may in fact be a product of clustering within HypoDD (the two clusters appear to occur at different depths) and not a real feature. Further inquiry is ongoing and will be finalized prior to paper submission. Of note in Figure \ref{Figure6} are small groups of events to the northwest of Ngatamariki which cluster tightly in both space and time. These are quake-aftershock sequences associated with active extension across the axis of the TVZ, including one such sequence below the geothermal area at Orakei-Korako which occured in mid-May of 2015.